公司名称：北京欣之格电力科技有限公司
Company Name: New Standard Power Technical Co. Ltd
地址：中国北京市亦庄经济开发区 经海路2号 29
Addresses - NO.2 JINGHAI ROAD YIZHUANG ECONOMIC DIST RM 1-501 BD 6 COURTYARD 29, BEIJING, CHINA 101111
Tel: +86 (10) 6353-7602

ABOUT US
Who We Are

Beijing New Standard Power Technical Co., Ltd. (New Standard) was established in 2007, the headquarters is located in Yizhuang Economy and Hi-Tech Industrial Park in Beijing.  We have sales office is located in the Shanghai and state of the art R&D facilities located in China’s Power Valley Baoding, Heibei. In 2008, New Standard established a new international sales branch office Bellevue, Washington, USA.

Our company is specialized in monitoring and diagnostics systems for large-scaled power plants (PP). Some of our products include electrical equipment online monitoring systems, transformer diagnostics, power substation transformers, overcurrent protection systems, transformer lubricants, system integration for enterprise applications. New Standard serves the electrical power industry with innovative products and services for testing, diagnostics and monitoring of assets worldwide. We help to make the generation, transmission and distribution of electricity safe and reliable.

Why Choose Us
As one of the top companies with upstanding reputation in China’s energy industry, New Standard manufactures, designs, install and provide services for online real-time monitoring of large scale supercritical systems in any size and configuration. We also provide international services in consultation and technical training. 
Our products and solutions are backed by an experienced engineer team that offers a blend of remote and on-site emergency response. The remote support technicians can diagnose the situation prior to deploying an on-site engineer. Upon crisis situations, the field engineers response and arrive on site within 24 business hours to provide immediate troubleshooting services. 




New Standard is the strategic partner of Shell Company in China. We are responsible for the sales of Shell's power system insulation and lubricants in China.
We are also the exclusive distributor of LumaSense (formerly Luxtron), GridSense ,  Enpay (Turkey), Omicron https://www.omicron.at/en/
Secretary, Serveron

New Standard is the exclusive distributor in the People’s Republic of China (PRC) for numerous oversea markets serving the electrical infrastructure and industrial applications.
Examples of some of our clients are:

        China Three Gorges Corporation (Three Gorges Dam PP) http://www.ctg.com.cn/en/
        China Huadian Group (Zhengchangzhuang PP, Project for 2008 Beijing Olympics) http://eng.chd.com.cn/
        Beijing Energy Investment Holding Company Ltd. (Taiyanggong PP, Project for 2008 Beijing Olympics) http://www.powerbeijing.com/
        MWB Shanghai Company Limited (Jindongnan Substation - The First 1000kV Substation in the world) http://www.trench.at/en/Company/Trench-China-Shanghai/MWB-Shanghai-Co.-Ltd
        Gezhouba Group (Jingmen Substation) http://www.cggc.cc/
        China Guodian Corporation (Beilungang PP) http://www.cgdc.com.cn/home.jhtml
        SDIC (Tianjin Beijiang PP)
        Guohua Electric Power Company (Suizhong PP, phase #1-4/1000 MVA transformers, Taishan PP, Huizhou PP, Ninghai PP)
        State Grid Company (1-1000KV transmission line Substation)
        Huaneng Power International (Jiutai PP, Jianggangshan PP, Pingliang PP) http://www.hpi.com.cn/
        Golden Concord Holdings Ltd (Haimen PP)
        Yunnan Diandong Energy Company (Yunnan Diandong PP)
        Pingshuo Shanxi Coal Power Generation Company Ltd. (Shanxi Pingshuo PP)
        Shandong Electric Power Group Corporation (Shangdong Heze PP)
        Guangdong Datang International Chaozhou Power Generation Company Ltd. (Guangdong Chaozhou PP)
        Shanghai Caojing Thermal Power (Caojing PP)
        Sichuan Huadian Power Generation Co., Ltd. (Huadian Gongxian PP)
        Huaneng Power International (Huaneng Fuzhou PP)
        Jinggangshan Suichuanjiang Development Co Ltd. (Jinggangshan PP)
        State Power Central Company (Yueyang PP)
        China Power Investment Corporation (Kanshan PP, Daibieshan PP)
        Jiangxi Network Company
        
Distributed products:
    
    GE - On-line DGA monitoring equipment http://www.ge.com/
    Severon - On-line DGA monitoring equipment http://www.qualitrolcorp.com/
    Morgan Schaffer - On-line DGA monitoring equipment https://www.morganschaffer.com/
    Doble Engineering Company - Circuit testing equipment http://www.doble.com/
    Omicron - Circuit testing equipment https://www.omicron.at/en/
    Royal Dutch Shell - Power system insulation and lubricants http://www.shell.com/
    LumaSense - LumaSmart/transformer temperature monitoring equipment http://www.lumasenseinc.com/
    GridSense - transformer monitoring equipment http://www.gridsense.com/
    Enpay - transformer components http://www.enpay.com/
    
    


Shenrui stake in substation automation, SCADA, distribution automation, station automation, railway electrical automation, large-caliber ultrasonic flowmeter, electrical equipment on-line condition monitoring and other fields with leading technology independent intellectual property products. Our products are widely used throughout the more than twenty power dispatch center provinces, municipalities and autonomous regions, centralized control center with dispatch center, hydropower, thermal power plants, substations and large industrial enterprises in power system, and exports in Asia, Europe and many countries. Shenrui share with excellent product quality and excellent service has won the majority of customers trust and support.

Beijing Xin grid Power Technology Co., Ltd. has advanced management level, the company always adhere to the people-oriented, marketing and technological progress as a business off the wings, in order to establish a comprehensive quality assurance system based on, to provide users with sophisticated products. Companies to promote the establishment of a learning organization, to provide relevant professional retraining opportunities to employees, provide a broad development space for employees' career development.


Beijing New Standard Technical Co. certified for both ISO 9001 and ISO 14001????????????????????